feat: improve the website with AI 🤖 (#495)
countr/website: content/docs/04-guild-data.md

# Guild Data

> At Countr, we take your privacy seriously. The data we collect is only used for our own legitimate interests and is handled in accordance with our [Privacy Policy](/privacy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Promise Solutions, we take your privacy seriously. The data we collect is only used for our own legitimate interests and is handled in accordance with our [Privacy Policy](/privacy).
```

## Managing Your Guild Data {#how}

We understand that you may want to manage your guild's data, and we've made it easy to do so. Here are some commands you can use to manage your data:

* `/data export all`: Use this command to extract all of your guild's data.
* `/data export flow/flows`: Use this command to extract your counting channel's flows individually.
* `/data export scores`: Use this command to extract your scores table.
* `/data import flow`: Use this command to import a flow.
* `/data import scores`: Use this command to import a scores table.
* `/data reset`: Use this command to reset your guild's data.

> We hope these commands make it easy for you to manage your data. If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out to us.

Reviewer: This just smells like AI to me and I don't love it, maybe just completely reroll this lol
